"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." - Marcus Aurelius
"The best revenge is not to be like your enemy." - Marcus Aurelius
"Epictetus being asked how a man should give pain to his enemy answered, By preparing himself to live the best life that he can." - Marcus Aurelius
"Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth." - Marcus Aurelius
"Make the mind tougher by exposing it to adversity." - Robert Greene
"It is not events that disturb people, it is their judgements concerning them." - Epictetus
"It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." - Marcus Aurelius
"No man is free who is not master of himself." - Epictetus
"If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it." - Marcus Aurelius
"Man is not worried by real problems so much as by his imagined anxieties about real problems." - Epictetus
"Disease is an impediment to the body, but not to the will, unless itself pleases. Lameness is an impediment to the leg, but not to the will." - Epictetus
"He who fears death will never do anything worthy of a living man. But he who knows that this was the condition laid down for him at the moment of his conception will live on those terms, and at the same time he will guarantee with a solemn trust that no man will treat him with contempt, and that he will be a man of high worth." - Seneca
"Let silence be your general rule; or say only what is necessary and in few words. We shall, however, when occasion demands, enter into discourse sparingly, avoiding such common topics as gladiators, horse races, athletes; and the perpetual talk about food and drink. Above all avoid speaking of persons, either in the way of praise or blame, or comparison." - Epictetus
"Remember that you must behave in life as at a dinner party. Is anything brought around to you? Put out your hand and take your share with moderation. Does it pass by you? Don’t stop it. Is it not yet come? Don’t stretch your desire towards it, but wait till it reaches you." - Epictetus
